attention viewers the following video is
going to be totally sexy so if you enjoy
it and or want to see my nipples please
click the like button below enjoy
what is going on guys welcome to some
black ops 2 gameplay where I'm playing
some free-for-all with the ultimate
class the diamond RPG to shock charges
and to stun grenades yes done i believe
and i put this class on today and went
into some free for all and in the first
game i got into i actually won the game
and it's kind of fucked up but you know
i picked up a couple guns whenever i
shut all my RPGs and didn't have
anything left to do i knifed a few
people but all in all I got the W which
I don't always get so I'm pretty proud
of this all dymond RPG gameplay but
anyways not really proud of it so guys I
kind of have fallen into a bit of a
routine on friday so you have been
uploading usually a commentary Friday
night explaining kind of what to what
you're going to see you know in the
coming weekend on Saturday and Sunday
and also you know if anything is new
that's going on or just whatever
whatever kind of an update video status
/ what you're going to see for the
weekend and I've kind of fallen into
that routine and I kind of like it let
me know down in the comments if you guys
like it but I'm a fan of it kind of let
you guys know what to expect on the
weekends and just like I said if
anything else is going on so that's kind
of what this is and to go with that I
have been I kind of mentioned that I had
been unhappy with my mic a little bit
because I had a little bit of static a
little bit of feedback in my audio in my
commentary and everything I don't know
if you guys even noticed it or thought
it was a problem whatever but I did a
little bit of research and found out
that it can be your power supply on your
pc if you don't have the best power
supply sometimes the problem dog is
shaking I'm sorry if you heard that he's
he's kind of retarded but yeah he dog
let out fuck anyways what was i even
saying oh the power supply so I did a
little bit of research and I found out
that if you if you don't have the best
power supply sometimes the solution can
be to use
an external hub for a USB hub Jesus
Christ the dog got me all flustered I
didn't remember what I was talking about
but a USB hub with a power supply just
just a regular USB hub that doesn't have
a power supply won't fix the problem but
and I actually had a power supply USB
hub laying around so I tried it and I
think it eliminated a lot of the
background noise in my audio so also let
me know if you guys have noticed a
difference in my audio quality in the
last couple days so yeah I've got that
going on also other than that I can
still like I can hear my fan right now
and it's probably being picked up a
little bit on the mic my fan and my
computer is really dusty and I need to I
need to take the case off my pc and just
clean the fan out but I haven't done
that yet so that's also a little bit but
I'm working on that so you know I tried
the power supply USB hub and I think it
helped a little bit so let me know also
guys been you know spicing it up a
little bit as far as different different
videos up on my channel it used to be
all caught all cod I'll cod now I've
been doing a little bit of minecraft you
guys have been loving that I kind of
named it crew craft and you guys have
been you know really big fans of that so
far and shown it a lot of support a lot
of love and that's awesome because we're
kind of addicted to it me myself and the
other guys you know we've been kind of
we play a little bit of Minecraft almost
every day now and it's kind of cool the
way that we did it we were hosting it
you know between me and sidearms at
first and it was kind of a problem
because sidearms has school and so
whenever he had to go to school he'd
he'd want to go to bed early and shit
you know and stuff like that and while
he was at school we couldn't play
because you have to actually manually
host the server for other people to get
in obviously with the xbox version of
Minecraft so I came up with a solution I
had an extra xbox in my closet and I
whipped that xbox out and I also had a
separate account in xbox live account so
I put Minecraft on that xbox and I
hooked it up to the TV if you guys
watched my setup video I have a TV
hanging on the wall over by cheetahs
cage and i hope the xbox up to that and
we have our own minecraft server now and
I just leave that xbox on all the time
so we can go in there and play
we want and we don't have to worry about
anybody being you know at work or at
school or asleep or whatever so yeah
we've been kind of addicted to minecraft
and like I said you guys have been
really enjoying those videos so I'm
pretty happy about that and there will
definitely be more of that to come also
I talked to you guys a while back
mentioned that i will have some
explosives coming and i finally got the
tracking info today so that stuff is on
its way and i'm really excited for that
I'm the kind of person I'm sure you guys
are too anytime something's coming in
the mail I just get super excited and so
can't wait for my my boom booms to show
up and then a like i said i'll try to
get out and get those videos recorded
for you as soon as possible so you guys
can see that you guys are hopefully as
excited about it as I am and other than
that yeah just that's kind of what I'm
doing with content on my channel right
now like I said trying to incorporate a
little bit of Minecraft always going to
be doing the GTA and I'm going to try to
mix in some explosives to speaking of
GTA holy shit okay so you guys know not
the last GTA video that I did but the
GTA video before that at the end of the
video it was me flying in a helicopter
and I'm over the water and all the
sudden just froze and then I that's how
the video ended and after that I tried
putting the disc back in and disc
unreadable disc unreadable disc
unreadable so I was like fuck so right
after it happened I was like well you
know it's one of my series it's what you
guys like to see and I love playing GTA
we play it every week so i just i got on
amazon i order another copy no big deal
you know it's it's an old game it wasn't
that much you know so the new game came
in the mail and I popped it in and disk
unreadable and I'm like what the fuck so
then i installed the disc to the hard
drive i figured ok maybe that'll fix it
and disk unreadable so then I'm like
fuck I'm super desperate now so I went
ahead and went to the games on demand
where you can just buy video games off
the xbox live marketplace and so I
bought it for twenty bucks brand-new on
games on demand tried playing that and
it still said disk unreadable and that's
not even a fucking disk it's just a
downloaded game on your hard drive so i
was pretty ticked off it's been way too
much time way too much money honestly
trying to get GTA to work and so i
called tech support and I'll it
really spent about two hours on the
phone with tech support with this guy
and we tried everything and he was as
confused as I was and you know he's
fucking tech support guy he's used to
weird shit but he said it was really
really odd and basically we figured it
out that it's something to do with my
hard drive I have to pop out my hard
drive and put my profile on a thumb
drive now every time I want to play GTA
but the good news is I got it working so
you guys will still be seeing GTA
content on this channel as well as call
of duty a little bit of Minecraft a
little bit of explosives a little bit of
everything also guys I'm really pushing
for my backup channel right now it's
like 85 k subs so you guys want to check
that out it'll be linked in the
description of every video it's just in
my like default links in the description
so definitely check out my backup
channel trying to get that to 100k I
appreciate you guys so much and
everything you do for me I love you guys
so much this has been jehovah peace
you